[DOCS] KPIs added to Cases #1404 (#1622)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/cases-overview.asciidoc

Open a new case to keep track of security issues and share their details with
colleagues.

. Go to *Investigate* -> *Cases*, then click *Create case*. If no cases exist, the Cases table will be empty and you'll be prompted to create one by clicking the *Create case* button inside the table.
+
[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/cases-create-case-button.png[Case UI Home]

Author: I've been thinking about this too and have no issue removing it if it doesn't add any extra value.

NOTE: Comments can also contain Markdown syntax and Timeline links.

[float]
[[cases-summary]]
== Review the case summary

Click on an existing case to access the case summary. The case summary, located under the case title, contains metrics that summarize alert information and response times. These metrics update when you attach additional unique alerts to the case, add more connectors, or modify the case's status:

* **Total alerts**: Total number of unique alerts attached to the case.
* **Associated users**: Total number of unique users that are represented in the attached alerts.
* **Associated hosts**: Total number of unique hosts that are represented in the attached alerts.
* **Total connectors**: Total number of connectors that have been added to the case.
* **Case created**: Date and time that the case was created.

> * **Open duration**: Time has passed since the case was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Open duration**: Time elapsed since the case was created.
```

* **In progress duration**: How long the case has been in the `In progress` state.

> * **Duration from creation to close**: Time has passed from when the case was created to when it was closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Duration from creation to close**: Time elapsed from when the case was created to when it was closed.
```
or just "passed" without "has"

NOTE: Comments can also contain Markdown syntax and Timeline links.

[float]
[[cases-summary]]
== Review the case summary

Click on an existing case to open it and to access the case summary. The case summary, located under the case title, consists of metrics that summarize alert information and response times. The metrics update when you attach additional unique alerts to the case, add more connectors, or modify the case's status:

> * **Total alerts**: Shows the total number of unique alerts attached to the case.
> * **Associated users**: Shows the total number of unique users that are represented in the attached alerts.
> * **Associated hosts**: Shows the total number of unique hosts that are represented in the attached alerts.
> * **Total connectors**: Shows the total number of connectors that have been added to the case.
> * **Case created**: Shows the date and time that the case was created.
> * **Open duration**: Shows how much time has passed since the case was created.
> * **In progress duration**: Shows how long the case has been in the `In progress` state.
> * **Duration from creation to close**: Shows how much time has passed from when the case was created to when it was closed.

Reviewer 2: Possible revisions to remove some of the repetition, which can get a little hard to quickly skim through.
```suggestion
* **Total alerts**: Total number of unique alerts attached to the case.
* **Associated users**: Total number of unique users represented in the attached alerts.
* **Associated hosts**: Total number of unique hosts represented in the attached alerts.
* **Total connectors**: Total number of connectors added to the case.
* **Case created**: Date and time that the case was created.
* **Open duration**: Time passed since the case was created.
* **In progress duration**: How long the case has been in the `In progress` state.
* **Duration from creation to close**: Time passed from when the case was created to when it was closed.
```

+

> IMPORTANT: Set an absolute time range for your visualization. This ensures your visualization doesn't change over time after you save it to your case and provides important context for other individuals managing the case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Set an absolute time range for your visualization. This ensures your visualization doesn't change over time after you save it to your case, and provides important context for others managing the case.
```
